Documentation improvements (#145)
Stormbase/django-otp-webauthn: docs/how_to_guides/identifying_passkeys.rst

> .. _howto-identifying-passkeys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _identify-passkeys:
```

> How to: Identify Passkeys

Reviewer: We should use sentence case for headings, as per our style guide. Also, let's remove the "How to:" to make it consistent with the rest of the docs within the How-to guides:

```suggestion
Identify passkeys
```

Author: Ah yes I remember now, it is because of the search results. If if isn't clear what section a docs page belongs to if they all have similar titles.

@activus-d I'll update the other How to / Reference pages to include this in their title. We can revisit this for a proper solution.

<img width="1121" height="549" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5a7e3de3-6e4f-4dea-a94e-140bcb3a86b5" />

=========================

.. versionadded:: v0.11.0

.. note::
    This page is a **how to guide**. Maybe you are looking for the :ref:`Identifying Passkeys reference guide<ref_identifying_passkeys>` instead?

Django OTP WebAuthn ships with a ``django.contrib.identify`` module which helps
you identify the :term:`authenticator` that created the Passkey, for example Apple
Passwords, Yubikey, Android etc. This is useful context to give your users when

> presenting them with a list of their registered Passkeys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Django OTP WebAuthn ships with a ``django.contrib.identify`` module which helps
you identify the :term:`authenticator` that created the Passkey. For example, it can identify Apple Passwords, YubiKey, and Android. This is useful context to give your users when
presenting them with a list of their registered Passkeys.
```

Before using this module

> ------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you use this module, note the following:
```

TLDR;

1. This module is meant to help you enrich your app's user interface with *authenticator icons* and *authenticator names* of the Passkeys that your users have registered.
2. Not all Passkeys can be identified. This is on best-effort basis, improvements welcome.
3. This is not meant to be used for security purposes, such as rejecting Passkeys not on some approved list.
4. The database of Passkey identifiers comes from `python-identify-passkey <https://github.com/Stormbase/python-identify-passkey>`_. You should regularly update this library to get the latest list of Passkey identifiers.
5. The `python-identify-passkey
   <https://github.com/Stormbase/python-identify-passkey>`_ library's data is derived
   from `FIDO MDS registry <https://fidoalliance.org/metadata/>`_ of

>    FIDO-certified authenticators, complimented with community contributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What to know before you use this module
---------------------------------------

- This module gives you *authenticator icons* and *authenticator names* for the passkeys your users register, so you can display them in your app's interface.
- You can't identify every passkey. Identification works on a best-effort basis.
- Don't use this module for security decisions, such as rejecting passkeys that aren't on an approved list.
- The passkey identifier database comes from `python-identify-passkey <https://github.com/Stormbase/python-identify-passkey>`_. Update this library regularly to get the latest identifiers.
- The `python-identify-passkey <https://github.com/Stormbase/python-identify-passkey>`_ library draws its data from the `FIDO MDS registry <https://fidoalliance.org/metadata/>`_ of FIDO-certified authenticators, plus community contributions.
```

Installation

> ------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install module
--------------
```

> Install ``django_otp_webauthn`` with the ``identify`` extra:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the ``django.contrib.identify`` module, install ``django_otp_webauthn`` with the ``identify`` extra:
```

.. code-block:: console

    pip install django_otp_webauthn[identify]

This will install the required `python-identify-passkey
<https://github.com/Stormbase/python-identify-passkey>`_ library which

> contains the most up-to-date list of Passkey identifiers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will install the required `python-identify-passkey
<https://github.com/Stormbase/python-identify-passkey>`_ library, which
contains the most up-to-date list of passkey identifiers.
```

Configure settings
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Next, add ``django_otp_webauthn.contrib.identify`` to your :setting:`INSTALLED_APPS`:

.. code-block:: python

    INSTALLED_APPS = [
        ...
        "django_otp_webauthn",
        "django_otp_webauthn.contrib.identify",
    ]

And add :class:`django_otp_webauthn.contrib.identify.PasskeyIconsFinder`, to your
:setting:`STATICFILES_FINDERS`.

If you don't have a :setting:`STATICFILES_FINDERS` setting yet,

> you can add it like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have a :setting:`STATICFILES_FINDERS` setting,
then add it as follows:
```

.. code-block:: python

    STATICFILES_FINDERS = [
        "django.contrib.staticfiles.finders.FileSystemFinder",  # part of django defaults
        "django.contrib.staticfiles.finders.AppDirectoriesFinder",  # part of django defaults
        "django_otp_webauthn.contrib.identify.PasskeyIconsFinder",
    ]

This will allow you to use any of the icons shipped inside the
``python-identify-passkey`` library, for example the Apple Passkey icon.

Usage examples
--------------

Now that you have installed and configured the
``django_otp_webauthn.contrib.identify`` module, you can use it to identify
Passkeys in your application. For example, you could use the inferred name of
the authenticator as fallback name for a Passkey in your user interface, or show

> the icon of the authenticator next to the Passkey name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have installed and configured the
``django_otp_webauthn.contrib.identify`` module, you can use it to identify
passkeys in your application. For example, you could use the inferred name of
the authenticator as fallback name for a passkey in your user interface, or show
the icon of the authenticator next to the passkey name.
```

``AbstractWebAuthnCredential.identify``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can use the :meth:`django_otp_webauthn.models.AbstractWebAuthnCredential.identify` method to directly identify a credential instance.

> When identifiable, this will give you a :class:`django_otp_webauthn.contrib.identify.PasskeyDescriptor` object, which contains the name of the authenticator and – in almost all cases – a light and dark icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the :meth:`django_otp_webauthn.models.AbstractWebAuthnCredential.identify` method to identify a credential instance.

When identifiable, this gives you a :class:`django_otp_webauthn.contrib.identify.PasskeyDescriptor` object, which contains the name of the authenticator and a light and dark icon.
```

If it doesn't contain a light and dark icon, then we should include that as a side note.

.. code-block:: python

    from django_otp_webauthn.models import WebAuthnCredential

    credential = WebAuthnCredential.objects.get(pk=1)
    passkey_descriptor = credential.identify()

    if passkey_descriptor:
        print(repr(passkey_descriptor))  # PasskeyDescriptor(name='Apple Passwords', aaguid='fbfc3007-154e-4ecc-8c0b-6e020557d7bd')
        print(repr(passkey_descriptor.icon_light)) # PasskeyIcon(theme='light', mime='image/svg+xml', path='/path/to/svg/file.svg')
        print(repr(passkey_descriptor.icon_dark)) # PasskeyIcon(theme='dark', mime='image/svg+xml', path='/path/to/svg/file.svg')

``AbstractWebAuthnCredential.inferred_name``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Credentials now also have an :attr:`django_otp_webauthn.models.AbstractWebAuthnCredential.inferred_name` property, which will return the name of the authenticator if it can be identified, or ``None`` if it cannot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Credentials have an :attr:`django_otp_webauthn.models.AbstractWebAuthnCredential.inferred_name` property that returns the name of the authenticator when it can be identified, or ``None`` otherwise.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Credentials have an :attr:`django_otp_webauthn.models.AbstractWebAuthnCredential.inferred_name` property that returns the name of the authenticator when it can be identified, or ``None`` otherwise.
```

.. code-block:: python

    from django_otp_webauthn.models import WebAuthnCredential

    credential = WebAuthnCredential.objects.get(pk=1)
    print(credential.inferred_name)  # Apple Passwords

Accessing without a credential instance

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identify a Passkey without a credential instance
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

> Alternatively, you can use the :func:`django_otp_webauthn.contrib.identify.identify_passkey` function to identify a Passkey directly by its AAGUID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the :func:`django_otp_webauthn.contrib.identify.identify_passkey` function to identify a Passkey directly by its ``AAGUID``.
```
